Alright, so you can probably guess what the first challenge is here.
At the end of the last video we saw how to use a more complex conditional expression to return one of four values,
fizz, buzz, fizzbuzz or a value.
So the first challenge is to create a list containing the fizzbuzz results, using a list comprehension.
So create a new file, you can see on the screen here,
I've got one that I've called compchallenge1.py
So use the conditional expression from the previous video to produce a list comprehension that returns
the fizzbuzz results.
And again just in more detail, if the number's divisible by 3
the value should be fizz, if it's divisible by 5,
the value should be buzz, if it's divisible by both 3 and 5,
the value should be fizzbuzz.
And finally if none of the combinations apply, the value will be, of course, the number itself.
Now the code from the end of the last video appears below so that you can check your results.
So that's Challenge 1.
Now let's actually have a look at Challenge 2. And I've got that file
open been here, compchallenge2.py.
So the challenge there is to create a comprehension that returns a list of all the locations that have
an exit to the forest.
Now the list should contain the description of each location,
if it's possible to get to the forest from there. Now the forest is location 5 in the locations dictionary,
and of course we've worked on that previously.
Now the exits for each location, well they're represented by the exits dictionary.
And remember that a dictionary has a dot values method to return a list of the values.
Now the forest can be reached from the road and the hill, so those should be the descriptions that appear
in your list.
Now test your program with different destinations, such as one for the road, to make sure it works.
Now once it's working,
modify the program so that the comprehension returns a list of tuples.
Now each tuple consists of the location number and the description, and finally wrap your comprehension
in a for loop, and print the lists of all the locations that lead to each of the other locations in
turn.
So in other words, use a for loop to run the comprehension for each of the keys in the locations dictionary.
So that's Challenge 2, and the text for these will be in the resources section of each video,
so you can easily spot those. Now Challenge 3,
now I can't show you any code for this because the code's going to be based on what you've done in Challenge
2. So for this one,
you want to convert all comprehensions in the previous challenge,
that's challenge 2, to for loops.
So we start off by creating a list comprehension for a for loop.
This challenge is to go the other way,
converting each of the comprehensions in the previous challenge into a for loop that produces the same
result.
Alright, so that's the three challenges. I'm going to go over the solutions to all three in the next
video, and the code for the two of the files will be available in the resources section of this video.
And of course challenge 3 is reliant on your Challenge 2 solution,
so that hasn't got any starting code other than your Challenge 2 solution.
So with that said, I'll see you in the next video.